cleanup (#3651)
Microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: README.md

<img src="External/ReadMeImages/MRTK_Logo_Rev.png">

> # What is MixedRealityToolkit-vNext

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# What is MixedRealityToolkit v2
```

The V1 Mixed Reality Toolkit is a collection of scripts and components intended to accelerate development of applications targeting Microsoft HoloLens and Windows Mixed Reality headsets.

### For details on the different branches used in the Mixed Reality Toolkit repositories, check this [Branch Guide here](https://github.com/Microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity/wiki/Branch-Guide).

This new version of the MixedRealityToolkit aims to further extend the capabilities of the toolkit and also introduce new features, including the capability to support more VR/AR/XR platforms beyond Microsoft's own Mixed Reality setup.

> The vNext branch is taking all the best lessons learned from the original Mixed Reality Toolkit and refactoring / restructuring it to both:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The v2 branch is taking all the best lessons learned from the original HoloToolkit and refactoring / restructuring it to both:
```
